>> Steve Kinney: So we can go ahead and
we can say that we also need to have this
idea of a new item, that we need to
create, so actually add one in there.
So we'll go ahead and say that as well.
So we'll go in here, we'll do this
one a little bit differently.
>> Steve Kinney: You'll see
that this one is a class, and
I kinda left this one
like that on purpose.
>> Steve Kinney: So we can say, inject,
and bring that from MobX, and now,
here we can see it a little bit
differently with the decorator syntax.
Where we can inject that, now that's
a prop that is available in here.
>> Steve Kinney: Set it to the value.
>> Steve Kinney: The reason I named the
name of the item, is cuz I'm very lazy,
I named it value, so I could do this.
>> Steve Kinney: Value in that case,
cuz that's just gonna be
a ephemeral state, right?
As we said before,
if the global state does not need a thing,
you don't need to start every input field,
these simple applications may have one,
two, three input fields.
I think a lot about kind of, the code
editor and the design editor that we have,
there are a lot of input fields, not all
of them matter to the global states.
Some of them are temporary
things that we're gonna save.
So you can still use regular
react state in your component.
And honestly, when it's only
kept in that state, you should.
So here we'll say, we got that onSubmit.
Actually, we're just gonna do it in here.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll grab that value and
we'll say.
>> Steve Kinney: ItemList = this.props.
And all we'll say is, itemList.addItem,
does anyone remember?
To check,
the perils of live coding, right?
Let's see, individual item.
Items.
Let's fix a mistake I don't like that
we made, we're only adding one item.
Cool, so we'll go in here and we'll
add an item, honestly with that value.
We're just saying, hey, itemList,
I'm gonna call one of your methods,
can you figure out how
to do this with React?
Let's go ahead, we did a lot of codes,
let's take it for a spin and
see where I messed up.
>> Steve Kinney: Boom, there's a little,
I have a little dumb
error that I have to fix.
So you can see that,
all I did was mutate effectively,
I pushed an item onto the array,
and everything was changed.
I'll see what that is in a second.
But basically, yeah,
I just push the thing onto an array,
my entire React app changed.
I didn't have to do anything, my entire
React, other than this input field here,
that is just a temporary,
ephemeral new item thing, and
I should clear that out afterwards.
>> Steve Kinney: I just mutate the state,
and my entire application reflects it.
I'm not, there's no reducers, I mean,
there's things that are denoted as an
action, but they were just methods, right?
The action.bound was
just binding it to this.
I'm just taking my thing,
it's basically the dream that we've,
kinda been waiting for.
Which I know that one of the questions
at the end of this section is, so
why don't you use use MobX all the time?
We use it for the smaller pieces of it,
I'll talk a little bit about why some of
the tradeoffs that you
need to think about.
So I'm a really big fan of it, but
there are, obviously with anything,
things that you need to consider.
So did I bring my iPhone?
There it is.
That's in item Item.js:6, all right, we'll
do with that, I think it's part of the ID.
And what if we wanted to toggle one?
So let's go into the actual item here.
And we'll say that,
unchanged for this checkbox.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm gonna
console.log the items, so
I can deal with that error while at it.
We'll console.log it,
and we'll say, hey item,
when someone clicks the unchanged,
why don't you toggle?
Toggle, right?
We already implemented that,
that flips packed to unpacked,
that's all handled in our state,
we're just saying, hey, toggle.
>> Steve Kinney: Boom,
all right, let's deal with that,
cannot read property call of undefined.
We did console.log it.
>> Steve Kinney: I know what it is.
That is literally probably referencing it,
so
let's take a look, and
I'll deal with it momentarily.
Our ID, I figured out what the issue
was with that input field,
in the actual ItemModel,
I just need to actually call unique ID.
Set step one, we'll deal with
the second issue in a second.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, still blowing
up, but now my ID is at least correct.
You can see that it references the item
store, which is great as well.
So it's definitely unchanged,
let's take a look.
So the issue that we had is, toggle is
not a getter, it's a function, right?
And so, computer properties would use get,
the actual actions we don't.
We didn't do it on remove,
I think we were just, talking and typing,
sometimes we make some boo-boos.
So I'm just gonna go and, one of
the other things I investigated was,
does it need to be an anonymous function?
It does not, so
now we should be able to add it.
>> Steve Kinney: And we got,
from just defining regular
objects with regular methods and
just changing properties, we got
an awful lot of functionality for free.
If we wanted to implement
mark all as unpacked,
you could do that on the item list,
just literally a for
loop when you just set all of
their packs to false, that's it.
[LAUGH] If you wanted to rename one,
just change the value on it.
We saw that we can wire up these
input fields when they change
to just changing the packed filter and
the unpacked filter.
And we have computed arrays that would
then be able to filter out that array.
At this point, it is simply calling the
rest of the methods that we implemented
from React, which I'll kinda
leave as an exercise for you.
But all of the state managing is handled
really cleanly, I think, in our actual
individual item as well as this kind of
item store or item list that we have.
That kind of manages the ability of adding
one to the list, how it filters and so
on and so forth.